Chore/add rechable deprecation message (#3471)
snyk/cli: help/cli-commands/test.md

### `--reachable`

> WARNING: Will be deprecated on the 15th of August 2022

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
WARNING: Will be removed on 15 August 2022
```

My understanding was that it is already deprecated today and on 15th it will be removed?
Also the date format should be the same in all messages, and I'd suggest sticking to the UK format we are using in other places as well.

> WARNING: Will be deprecated on the 1st of September 2022

Reviewer 2: **discussion:** why are these different dates for test and monitor?

Author: fixed
